[Music]
let's say we go for a walk admit this is
nice first time here
uh yeah Oh dr. Francis is the best
veterinarian in the business you're
gonna love him he specializes in
behavioral disorders but I don't have a
behavioral disorder I I'm fine too it's
by human that's nuts I mean you know I I
bring him a dead bird she throws it out
I bring him a dead mouse right now
garbage I've gone no I know my owner
always says you're such a good dog and I
feel like a good dog was what if deep
down I'm a bad dog bad dog we start
fires that was weird
Oh sister it's gonna get way weirder
[Music]
I've never seen a man cup before it's so
smooth
[Music]
Kirra
boy different you are special little
brother you've got hands so let's use it
shut
my way like pulse push be with other
words it's not was assumed the way you
look at the village
welcoming you are one of them
[Music]
I've ever wanted just below you will
always be my son Mowgli nothing can ever
change that
the chunko is changing
man is taking more of it the boy may
just be our only hope of survival we're
afraid of what now might do to us the
pack needs you mummy
my how you've grown
I am NOT a man but neither am i Woods
which of you will follow me
the whole
has been watching you
I love failed
you
my name is Miles Morales and in my world
I'm the one and only spider-man that is
until he showed up and it snow on the
Cape I think it's cool spider-man
doesn't wear a cape hey guys who are you
I'm Gwen Stacy I'm from another another
dimension how many more spotty people
are there hey tell us this could
literally not get any weirder it can get
weird my name is Peter Parker
I'm supposed to save the whole world
you can't think about saving the world
you have to think about saving one
person models where did you go
spider-man turn invisible not in my
universe oh this is incredible some kind
of fight-or-flight thing what's that I
think this is a cape legend tells of a
lost species a link between man and
beast for centuries he's lived in hiding
but at long last he's reaching out and
ready to be found excuse me hi you can
speak yes and I write as well my
penmanship isn't great but you know
opposable thumbs and that fingers you
know meet mr. link you know like missing
link
ah wait I don't get it a creature of
enormous stature
eight feet tall 650 pounds more like you
know 630 pounds
no it's it's the hair that makes me look
heavier I think it's it's a little
deceptive it can be frustrating these
are links to our past
Oh of connection to our present oh oh
and our bridge to the future oh wait a
second
I said Oh like I knew what you were
talking about but I don't well I'm on
that please breathe on the other side of
the world are my cousins you take me
there
I know the secret ways to the mountains
is it hard to hear the old names crack
open the window oh that's better
the search for his kind I'll bring back
proof of the greatest discovery of the
century will become an adventure
of mythical proportions quick quick
quick someone should give her the kiss
of life you're the man for the job
how's my breath here's the missing link
throw me out of the pit I think you
might be a little too heavy nonsense now
give it all you've got
oh it's hard to know whose fault that
was let's do it again this summer you're
invited to a magical place where weird
is celebrated strange is special and
beauty is more than meets the eye
good morning ugly bear hello gorgeous
let's check out how you look today short
and stubby nubby teeth out on full
display your pinkish red got this thing
on your head and whoa girl you couldn't
look better
[Music]
[Applause]
crazy and yet is there
[Music]
fresh huggy dog is here the story of the
day or the mum for the year here's a
little scoop on the way down knowing
that you check out the flow lobsters but
only the dog makes the party happen yes
I could have been better than this
[Music]
I have a feeling we're not an ugly Ville
anymore look guys what's perfection
don't know let's go say hi hello
must be a customary greeting here
[Music]
[Applause]
from the filmmakers of the Lord of the
Rings strange to think this is what it
looked like
that's what happens when the Earth's
crust gets shattered into a thousand
pieces after the war cities were rebuilt
on the Seas in the skies but the
deadliest ones
were built on wheels
is one thing
[Applause]
this weapon can wipe out the largest
city in the blink of an eye
not if we shut it down you sure you want
to do this
I have to
scat upside until I give you the signal
what signal trust me you'll know I'm not
that subtle
we have to stop London before it
destroys us
that played with fire
[Music]
you wanna die
I'm gonna leave
[Music]
mortal engines experience it in IMAX
rated pg-13
[Music]
well folks thank you have a way I ask a
late night here in the last you did the
boys tell mr. Lou well let's just have
to see you know the story there are some
kinds of people lucky and unlucky pale
and frail upright and sinning no dead or
alive I'd appreciate it if you deposit
your weapon in the receptacle by the
swinging doors and if they're not don't
what are you doing is real walking
backwards don't do that why not cuz you
ain't no outlaw we're in four or five
what is your business well I like to say
that we're harvesters of souls
[Music]
the state of our union is strong
it's sort of alive unemployment is the
lowest in everything
their power is a poison
by the courage to resist
joined us
the matches already been there
watch the sides
the Phoenix rise
the Phoenix
Phoenix
[Music]